The last video we took care of the home page posts which are posts that are in the featured category
.
So now we want to work on the main blog page which is coming from index start ph P which right now is
just some static HVM else so let's open up index and first we want to do is up at the top.
We want that banner that that title section.
So let's go right up here right under the header and we're going to create a section and let's give
it a class actually know what we can do is just copy it from each team.
So if we open up blog down each team now and let's just grab it from here.
All right.
So if we save that and take a look at it.
Let's also grab from our blog page T.M..
The article with the class of blog post.
So we're going to grab one of those and let's replace the get rid of all these article pose actually
in the index page Peetie and then we're going to
create our while loop.
Now what I want to do here is I want to basically get all the posts except the featured post so the
ones that are on the home page I don't want to show up here.
All right so to do that we're going to say P We're going to create a variable here called No featured
query and set that to new W.P. queery and let's pass in a way.
And what we'll do is say cat.
Now we're going we're going to need the category ID and we can get that by going to the categories post
categories and featured.
And if you look up in the U R L bar you'll see we have I.D. equals three.
So what to do here is just put in minus three.
All right just like that.
And then we want our while loop so will say while
no featured queery
have posts
and then say no featured queery.
It is post
and while and then we're going to take that article we copy and paste that in just like that.
All right so let's make this dynamic.
We're going to take.
Let's see where we have this did with the class of thumbnail we're going to wrap that in an IF statement
.
We're going to say if he has post from now
and have post them now and then we'll going to replace this here with the post from now
on carrying then we have our media area in see for the admin for the user and then they just go ahead
and grab this
case so just like look just like we've done in other projects.
We have the author here we're getting the author's name and we're wrapping it in this link which will
take us to an archive with all the author's posts.
All right so for the day let's replace this.
That will give us the date and time and then for our category list.
Going to pace the set.
OK so we're getting categories from this function here and it's an array so we're going to go ahead
and loop through and then output the categories with a link to the archive.
All right.
Now down here we need the title.
So we're going to say ph P the title and we want this to link to the correct post.
We're going to say ph P the permalink
and this will be the content
I'm sorry the EXOR
OK let's save that.
And let's go back to the blog page reload.
OK.
So we're not getting the excerpt for some reason P The X are.
All right so something's wrong here.
It looks like it's a never ending loop.
Let's see.
So let's take a look at this.
No Ficci query equals W.P. query cat.
And then we have our while loop.
Oh I put is post.
It should be the post.
All right let's try that.
There we go.
OK.
So now it looks good
except it's getting pages as well.
When we design pages and check the posts here we have services they put in posts I didn't realize that
.
All right.
So let's get rid of those
and then that should fix it.
There we go.
OK.
So for services let's add that as a page
I was wondering what happened because I remember creating services but I didn't see it in the pages
.
And we can also add that to the menu.
OK so now we have our blog page.
And why would we are here we might as well create our archive and search results page because it's going
to be very similar to this.
So what we can do is copy everything that is in index and let's create a new file called archive Daut
TGP will create a new file called search dog pee pee.
All right so in archive we're going to paste the scent and go up to where we have the H-1.
I'm going to replace this paragraph with this.
This is code that we've been using throughout the course for our archives checking to see if it's a
category or if it's an author archive whatever it is.
And then displaying the correct heading.
All right so now for instance if we go and click on this business this category it takes us to the business
archive.
OK we'll just post that that are in.
Wait a minute this isn't right.
Oh we need to fix the while loop because right now it's a custom query.
So we're going to get rid of this featured query and then just remove it here and here.
OK.
So it's just a plain old query.
And then if we reload or cook and steward again click on business now it only shows us the business
.
All right.
And then we'll copy what we have here an archive pasted in search and go up to the banner and we'll
get to change this actually will just take what's in this paragraph and I'll say search results.
Ok so now if we were to let's go to a post
and put in the word hello and then go to our front end and search for polow
.
That shouldn't happen
That's the test right.
So it's just showing all of our posts.
You know what I think they might have gone to the wrong place let's go to Hatter and then go to what
is our form
right here form method equals get and then oh yeah this let's take that out and we're going to say Acco
escape you are l and then in here I'll put it in home you r l.
And then just in a slash.
I think that should work.
They say hello and enter.
And there we go.
OK.
So now the searches is functioning properly and the next video we're going to take care of the single
post view gave we click read more.
That isn't what we want.
It's showing the index not peach P file.
So we'll get to that next.